I'm a black person I'm a black person
coming through the hood I'm wit boat
just under black churches shotgun
gizelle we put it just in a black person
without black versus text one person
nowadays I know the fake faints the best
give chances
fake same way beats with
you know join the waist like cowboy hat
I'm on whistling mess when your fighters
to address like oh so stop this I got my
Eagle jewelry juice person enlarges
but just then that said that you trust
trust in your shadow leads when you win
the dump
I'm season scooping it now bc we doing
it now click their pizza coming
indicates a little español se
Hey
black
my head
oh my god babies and my lemma god Brahms
and the rumors got crazy on my road to
superstardom whose do pardon sleeping
with celebrity chick screaming cream get
the money yeah I was there to be rich is
my competition Snickers then I'm
supposed to be dead hey thousand Twitter
photos that's the price of my head
we're saying do that your government
hates it up when you hit me in the
cities and the radio come on we kill it
everybody
my car
I'm Richard
I told you long ago we gotta make this
feature happen now this happened to
Kings one God forever wrapping and
pushing hella chasing in pajetta stop
saying that you sick the doctor said you
better ain't that what you wanted
a sick you better fucking quite a
paradox my flow sick so bladder is the
future me and now easily take the fan
banks but escape sir
EJ